[Music]
all right whodunnit ten detective
riddles that will chill your blood kind
of like hypothermia or something if
you're sure that your logic and
detective skills could give Sherlock
Holmes a run for his money now have you
ever actually seen someone run for their
money never mind then let's have a go at
these bone-chilling murder mystery
riddles after each one you'll have 15
seconds to find the right answer if this
time isn't enough you can pause the
video for as long as you need number one
an unpunished murderer
a woman declares in court that her
sister killed her husband all the
evidence backs up her claim however the
judge can't punish the murderer why not
your time starts now
so the problem here is that the women
are conjoined twins so punishing the
murderous sister would harm the innocent
one and so they're just stuck with each
other
oh well number two a mysterious death a
young woman is sitting near the window
at first she's deep in thought then she
suddenly decides to throw something out
the window a couple of minutes later
she's dead what happened she was
perfectly healthy no illnesses allergies
or dependence on any type of medical
apparatus nobody killed her and she
wasn't suicidal hmm 15 seconds on the
clock
the cause of her death was the object
she threw out the window it was a
boomerang that came back at such high
speed it hit her in the head and killed
her on the spot
I wonder what possessed her to throw it
in the first place
hey what goes around comes around you
know number three what's in the bag
a man is quickly coming up on an open
field he's got a bag with him if he
doesn't open the bag before he reaches
the field he'll be dead what dangerous
cargo is in this mysterious bag times
ticking away the man skydiving and in
the bag he has his parachute
number four a stranger on a dark and
stormy night
a couple is speeding through an unknown
town in their car suddenly one of the
tires blows so they have to pull over
finding no spare in the trunk the
husband sets off to get help
but he's worried about his wife who
decides to stay alone in the car while
he's gone so to protect her he rolls up
the windows and locks all the doors upon
returning he sees that the car is in the
same condition but when he looks through
the window he's shocked to see his wife
dead blood everywhere and a stranger in
the car what happened here something
messy of course but we need details
now's your time to come up with the
answer there was no crime at all the
woman was in labor they were rushing to
the hospital when the tire blew so while
the man was away his wife gave birth to
a baby but didn't survive herself number
five a psychics prediction two men are
in a room facing each other one of the
men is a psychic and can see into the
future he predicts that in ten minutes
the other man will be stabbed in the
back of course
shocked and paranoid the letter can't
stop staring at a clock on the wall and
exactly ten minutes later he's dead with
a knife in his back how could it happen
take your time you have 15 seconds to
think
give up after 10 minutes the man turned
around to see if there was anybody
behind him at exactly that moment the
psychic stabbed him in the back da I'm
starting to think he wasn't a psychic at
all number 6 a lonely victim there's a
man lying on the ground dead as a
doornail
door nails are pretty dead his head is
split open and every bone in his body
shattered there's not a living creature
or building in sight but there is a bag
next to him so how did he die your 15
seconds start now this man was a
skydiver who didn't manage to open his
parachute Hey that's exactly what was in
the bag lying next to him maybe it was
the same guy from earlier they're really
not having much luck are they number
seven a snorkeler in the forest a young
man is lying dead in a forest
oddly enough like these aren't odd he's
wearing swimming trunks goggles and a
snorkel but the most unusual thing is
that the nearest body of water is 15
miles away so how did this snorkel or
died in the forest think about it
well there was a huge forest fire in the
plane that was extinguishing it had to
scoop up water from the lake 15 miles
away doing this it accidentally captured
the man snorkeling in the lake he was
dropped down together with a water and
died too bad he didn't have the bag with
a parachute number 8 a simple choice
upon receiving an anonymous tip the
police rushed to a house where a murder
suspect is said to be they have no
physical description but they do know
his name is John when the cops reached
the place they see four people playing
poker a carpenter firefighter truck
driver and a mechanic none of which have
nametags on their uniforms without a
moment's hesitation they arrest the
firefighter so how did they know that's
their guy
your time starts now the firefighter was
the only man in the room all the others
at the poker table were women and
couldn't be named John unless of course
they were cross dressers but that's
outside of the scope of this number nine
the mystery of the locked car oh goody
here's another locked car don't get in
the car lady it's not going to go very
well
oops too late a man and his wife we're
driving down the highway when they ran
out of gas
uh-huh so the husband walks to the
nearest gas station and is gone for
about an hour before he heads off he
tells his wife to stay in the car and
lock all the doors and windows boy this
is not gonna turn out well I can just
feel it
the wife bored and wanting to entertain
herself turns on the radio only to hear
some shocking news a serial killer has
escaped from the prison and was last
seen on that very highway where the car
is sitting the reporter on the news
gives a very detailed description of the
escapee the wife gets so scared that she
quickly turns off the radio she double
checks all walks but when she looks up
she sees the murderer just a few feet
from the car when the man returns he
finds the car still all locked up but
surprise surprise his wife is dead
inside her throat had been slit how is
it possible the answer is both simple
and tragic the couple had been driving a
convertible with the top down hey we
didn't say they weren't stupid number 10
the crime scene a man murdered his wife
in the family car do you feel the deja
vu here I'm starting to get the feeling
that husbands and wives shouldn't ride
together in the car well maybe he was a
fan of crime shows because he cleverly
disposed of the body in the knife
leaving behind no fingerprints after
taking care of this dirty business
he went home some time passed and he got
a call from the police they told him
that they believed his wife had been
murdered
and he needed to come to the scene
immediately to identify the body
as soon as he got there he was arrested
so how did the police know it was him if
he left no evidence behind
here are your 15 seconds use them wisely
to come up with the answer and ignore
that psychic over there with a knife
yeah gotcha
the thing is that the husband wasn't
told where the crime scene was despite
that he came to the right place very sly
police work
so what riddle was the hardest for you
to crack tell us in the comments below
you know I kind of think that if all of
those women dying in those cars had just
had a bag with them with a parachute in
it then they'd still be dead share this
video with your friends to check out how
good their detective skills are give us
a like if you've solved at least one
riddle and subscribe to our Channel we
have tons of cool stuff like this on the
bright side of life
you